Add operationName (#245)
mirumee/ariadne-codegen: CHANGELOG.md

- Added `NoReimportsPlugin` that makes the `__init__.py` of generated client package empty.
- Added `include_all_inputs` config flag to generate only inputs used in supplied operations.
- Added `include_all_enums` config flag to generate only enums used in supplied operations.

> - Changed generated client's methods to add `operationName` to sent payload.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added `operationName` to payload sent by generated client's methods.
```
